Season’s Greetings!Rensselaer offices will close on Thursday, December 24 and reopen Monday, January 4, 2021.If you are considering making a year-end gift to Rensselaer, you may do so by visiting our online giving form. For further instructions regarding year-end giving, please visit https://giving.rpi.edu/year-end-giving, call (518) 276-6055 to leave a message, or email giving@rpi.edu.On behalf of the Institute, thank you for your continued support – and Happy Holidays!An annual gift is the most important contribution you can make to our students.  Now, more than ever, the world needs Rensselaer — our innovative faculty, dynamic students, and fearless alumni who continue to change the world. Today’s students are tomorrow’s engineers, research scientists, inventors, innovators, leaders, and entrepreneurs. Your gift today to the Annual Fund will help us invest in and empower their future success.Supporting Academic ExcellenceThe Annual Fund helps to provide a world-class educational experience to our students, and prepares them to meet the demands and challenges of the 21st century.Gifts to the Annual Fund help ensure that our students get the support they need in order to meet the nation’s growing and evolving need for scientific, innovative, and technical talent. Annual Fund donations help our students to accomplish the following:Alumni Participation: Show Your Rensselaer Pride The philanthropic support of our alumni is an important indicator of your belief in the educational mission of Rensselaer. Alumni participation is one of the factors that organizations such as U.S. News & World Report consider in determining a university’s ranking and the quality of a school.  Prospective students and their parents view donor participation as a measure of alumni satisfaction with their education. By giving back, you are demonstrating pride in your alma mater, and inspiring others to contribute to the success of each student.Chasan Building
110 Eighth Street
Troy, NY 12180 USA
518-276-6055
advancement@rpi.eduPlease send gifts to:
Gifts Processing Center
P.O. Box 3164
Boston, MA 02241-3164