

HELP
|
EXIT




Currently Enrolled RPI students:  to transfer a course that has been evaluated in this Course Guide, complete a  Transfer Credit Approval Form.  Check the box in the appropriate column of the Transfer Credit Approval Form that the course you want to transfer is evaluated in the Course Guide.  Follow all instructions as listed on the back of the Transfer Credit Approval Form and submit the signed form to the Registrar. Prospective Transfer Students:  The Transfer Guide is provided for planning purposes only.  The information provided is not a comprehensive list of all institutions or all courses at a particular institution.  Transfer credit may be granted for courses not listed after review by the faculty.  An official transfer evaluation will be completed upon acceptance. Newly Admitted Freshmen: follow this procedure to transfer courses you completed at accredited colleges while you were in high school. Freshmen Transfer Credit Procedure Affiliated Study Abroad students: Currently enrolled Rensselaer students doing an RPI-Affiliated Study Abroad must complete this  Transfer Credit Approval Form, even if the courses are found in the Transfer Guide. Prospective Transfer Students:  The Transfer Guide is provided for planning purposes only.  The information provided is not a comprehensive list of all institutions or all courses at a particular institution.  Transfer credit may be granted for courses not listed after review by the faculty.  An official transfer evaluation will be completed upon acceptance. Newly Admitted Freshmen: follow this procedure to transfer courses you completed at accredited colleges while you were in high school. Freshmen Transfer Credit Procedure Affiliated Study Abroad students: Currently enrolled Rensselaer students doing an RPI-Affiliated Study Abroad must complete this  Transfer Credit Approval Form, even if the courses are found in the Transfer Guide. Newly Admitted Freshmen: follow this procedure to transfer courses you completed at accredited colleges while you were in high school. Freshmen Transfer Credit Procedure Affiliated Study Abroad students: Currently enrolled Rensselaer students doing an RPI-Affiliated Study Abroad must complete this  Transfer Credit Approval Form, even if the courses are found in the Transfer Guide. Affiliated Study Abroad students: Currently enrolled Rensselaer students doing an RPI-Affiliated Study Abroad must complete this  Transfer Credit Approval Form, even if the courses are found in the Transfer Guide. 
Skip Registration Links
[ Office of the Registrar
 | Catalog
 | Advising & Learning Assistance Center
 | System Availability
 | Troubleshooting
 | Email Financial Aid
 | Email Bursar
 | Email Registrar
 ]
[ Office of the Registrar
 | Catalog
 | Advising & Learning Assistance Center
 | System Availability
 | Troubleshooting
 | Email Financial Aid
 | Email Bursar
 | Email Registrar
 ]


Go to Main Content
Rensselaer Self-Service Information System





 




HELP
|
EXIT





Go to Main Content
Rensselaer Self-Service Information System

 




Undergraduate Transfer Course Guide


 














 The following Undergraduate Transfer Guide indicates the way courses have transferred to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in the past. This information is constantly being updated and does not substitute for an official evaluation of transfer credit. Currently Enrolled RPI students:  to transfer a course that has been evaluated in this Course Guide, complete a  Transfer Credit Approval Form.  Check the box in the appropriate column of the Transfer Credit Approval Form that the course you want to transfer is evaluated in the Course Guide.  Follow all instructions as listed on the back of the Transfer Credit Approval Form and submit the signed form to the Registrar. Prospective Transfer Students:  The Transfer Guide is provided for planning purposes only.  The information provided is not a comprehensive list of all institutions or all courses at a particular institution.  Transfer credit may be granted for courses not listed after review by the faculty.  An official transfer evaluation will be completed upon acceptance. Newly Admitted Freshmen: follow this procedure to transfer courses you completed at accredited colleges while you were in high school. Freshmen Transfer Credit Procedure Affiliated Study Abroad students: Currently enrolled Rensselaer students doing an RPI-Affiliated Study Abroad must complete this  Transfer Credit Approval Form, even if the courses are found in the Transfer Guide. 



Please select either a state or nation and then click [Get Institutions]






States
Nations




No State
Alabama
Alaska
Alberta, Canada
Arizona
Arkansas
British Columbia, Canada
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Manitoba
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Nova Scotia
Ohio
Oklahoma
Ontario, Canada
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Quebec, Canada
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



No Nation
AUSTRALIA
BANGLADESH
BELARUS
BRAZIL
CANADA
CHINA
COLOMBIA
DENMARK
ECUADOR
EGYPT
FINLAND
FRANCE
GERMANY
HONDURAS
HONG KONG
INDIA
IRAN
IRELAND
ITALY
KAZAKHSTAN
MALAYSIA
MEXICO
NETHERLANDS
NEW ZEALAND
PAKISTAN
PERU
PHILIPPINES
ROMANIA
RUSSIAN FEDERATION
SINGAPORE
SOUTH AFRICA
SOUTH KOREA
SPAIN
TAIWAN
TURKEY
UNITED KINGDOM
UZBEKISTAN

















 Current students Contact: registrar@rpi.edu 
Prospective students Contact: admissions@rpi.edu


Skip to top of page
 The following Undergraduate Transfer Guide indicates the way courses have transferred to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in the past. This information is constantly being updated and does not substitute for an official evaluation of transfer credit. Currently Enrolled RPI students:  to transfer a course that has been evaluated in this Course Guide, complete a  Transfer Credit Approval Form.  Check the box in the appropriate column of the Transfer Credit Approval Form that the course you want to transfer is evaluated in the Course Guide.  Follow all instructions as listed on the back of the Transfer Credit Approval Form and submit the signed form to the Registrar. Prospective Transfer Students:  The Transfer Guide is provided for planning purposes only.  The information provided is not a comprehensive list of all institutions or all courses at a particular institution.  Transfer credit may be granted for courses not listed after review by the faculty.  An official transfer evaluation will be completed upon acceptance. Newly Admitted Freshmen: follow this procedure to transfer courses you completed at accredited colleges while you were in high school. Freshmen Transfer Credit Procedure Affiliated Study Abroad students: Currently enrolled Rensselaer students doing an RPI-Affiliated Study Abroad must complete this  Transfer Credit Approval Form, even if the courses are found in the Transfer Guide.  Current students Contact: registrar@rpi.edu 
Prospective students Contact: admissions@rpi.edu




Skip Registration Links
[ Office of the Registrar
 | Catalog
 | Advising & Learning Assistance Center
 | System Availability
 | Troubleshooting
 | Email Financial Aid
 | Email Bursar
 | Email Registrar
 ]







Release: 8.5

 © 2023 Ellucian Company L.P. and its affiliates.