Imagine a university that represents the multicultural communities of our nation, and of our globe. A campus and student body poised to change the world. That is what we are intentionally creating at Rensselaer.Rensselaer must now better meet the financial needs of our students – especially those underrepresented in STEM fields – in order to advance the diversification of our student body.  This bold initiative will make the Institute a magnet for talent, regardless of background or personal resources.For 43% of the undergraduate population at Rensselaer, there is a gap between the amount of financial aid Rensselaer can provide, and the amount of financial aid they need.  Therefore, we are counting on Rensselaer alumni/ae, friends, and partners to invest in scholarships that bridge the existing financial aid gap.Annual Fund Scholarship ProgramsOne of the most personal and lasting ways to make a difference in the lives of Rensselaer students is with a gift of scholarship support. There are a variety of ways in which you can support students at Rensselaer, including Rensselaer Annual Fund Scholars, the Rensselaer Annual Fund Assistance Grant, and the Patroon Scholars Program of the Rensselaer Annual Fund. Whether you choose to make your gift in support of multiple students, or create the type of relationship between the sponsor and student that lasts a lifetime, you can truly impact the lives of our students in so many ways.The Garnet D. Baltimore Endowed ScholarshipGarnet Douglass Baltimore, a member of the Class of 1881—a distinguished civil and landscape engineer—and the first African American to graduate from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He was the grandson of a slave who fought in the Revolutionary war, and eventually escaped, settling in Troy, and the son of an influential abolitionist.Garnet Baltimore was the embodiment of a Rensselaer graduate—working on the design and construction of bridges, railroads, roads, and waterways. His professional legacy includes Troy’s Prospect Park and Oakwood Cemetery, the resting place of Samuel Wilson, or “Uncle Sam.” Intensely proud of his Rensselaer education, Baltimore remained active in civic activities and alumni affairs and was inducted into the Rensselaer Alumni Hall of Fame in 2005.The Garnet D. Baltimore Endowed Scholarship has been established at Rensselaer in response to the need for scholarships for students from underrepresented groups—including African American students and women— for generations to come.The RAA Scholarship FundThe RAA continues its strong tradition of support to the Institute, our alumni, and current students, with the RAA Scholarship Fund, established in 2016 with a gift of $250,000 from the RAA. The fund is used to financially support scholarships for worthy and needy undergraduate students.Greek Life Scholarship FundRensselaer fraternities and sororities contribute to many of the Institute’s proud traditions. The values and ideals of the Rensselaer Greek community are integral in maintaining an environment conducive to a successful collegiate fraternal experience.The Greek community strives for excellence in scholarship, service, leadership, involvement, diversity, community, and brotherhood/sisterhood. In order to better meet the financial needs of our Greek student body, a Greek Life Scholarship Fund was established in 2018 by Chair of the Board, Arthur F. Golden ’66, to continue our commitment to the financial needs of students in the Greek life system. This scholarship is awarded annually to students with the greatest need who are part of the Greek Life system.Your gift today in support of the Greek Life Scholarship Fund is an investment in the sustainability of our Greek life system. Please join us.Chasan Building
110 Eighth Street
Troy, NY 12180 USA
518-276-6055
advancement@rpi.eduPlease send gifts to:
Gifts Processing Center
P.O. Box 3164
Boston, MA 02241-3164