Nearly 4,000 alumni and parents call the Bay Area and Silicon Valley region their home – here’s your opportunity to connect with them. The Rensselaer Silicon Valley Network (RSVN) was created to better connect our regional alumni to their alma mater and to each other.Engagement in the network is designed around shared career and business interests, related topics that tie alumni back to campus through conversations and forums around pressing global challenges and opportunities that align with the Institute’s expertise in groundbreaking interdisciplinary research, and innovative pedagogy. The RSVN offers opportunities for engagement around business development, career advancement, graduate recruitment, and student placement, and seeks to facilitate strategic partnerships among individuals, companies, foundations, government agencies, and the Institute.To succeed, the RSVN needs an exemplary group of leaders and influencers to set the pace and light the way toward a more meaningful Rensselaer alumni experience. We are asking you to join the Executive Council to provide guidance and advisory expertise that will further harness the strength of the RSVN, and to provide leadership in support of the Rensselaer capital campaign, Transformative: Campaign for Global Change.As a council member you will have a front row seat to research insights from renowned Rensselaer faculty, access to the highest levels of Institute leadership, and opportunities to foster fruitful connections with other notable alumni in the region. All membership dues are contributed to the Rensselaer Annual Fund to support scholarships and are fully tax deductible.LEADERSHIP LEVEL (3-YEAR TERM)$100,000 payable over five yearsMEMBER LEVEL (3-YEAR TERM)$50,000 payable over five yearsJOHN CAPEK ’83, M.E. ’84, M.E. ’85, MBA ’87, PH.D. ’88Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute TrusteeExecutive Vice President, Ventures, AbbottDr. Capek was appointed to his current position in June 2015. In this role, he leads Abbott’s venture investment organization. Previously, he had served as executive vice president, Medical Devices, and senior vice president, Abbott Vascular, heading up Abbott’s global vascular business.Before joining Abbott, Dr. Capek served in various management roles at Guidant Corporation, including president, Guidant Vascular Intervention and vice president and general manager of Bioabsorbable Vascular Solutions.He also served as vice president and general manager of Guidant Germany and vice president, marketing, Guidant Cardiac Rhythm Management Group. Before joining Guidant, Dr. Capek was manager of New Product Technology at Eli Lilly and Company.Dr. Capek has a bachelor’s degree in biomedical engineering, a master’s degree in biomedical engineering, a master’s degree in electrical engineering, a Ph.D. in biomedical engineering, and a master’s degree in business administration, all from Rensselaer.Sujit Banerjee ’94Managing Director, K1 OperationsSujit Banerjee is a Managing Director at K1 Operations. He is responsible for leading K1 Operations and its proprietary IOps initiative throughout the portfolio.Previously Mr. Banerjee formed the sourcing team alongside Neil at Element Partners. Mr. Banerjee also worked in the venture capital group at Bluerun Ventures and was a management consultant at PriceWaterhouse Coopers. Mr. Banerjee began his career at Synoptics Communications where he designed networking equipment. Mr. Banerjee is a graduate of the Wharton School of Business, where he received an MBA, and of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where he received a BS in Electrical Engineering with Eta Kappa Nu academic honors.Mr. Banerjee has served as a director and founder of numerous technology companies.Peter Fitzgerald, Ph.D. Director of the Center for Cardiovascular Technology at Stanford University Medical SchoolProfessor (Research) of Medicine (Cardiovascular) EmeritusManaging Partner & Co-Founder TriventuresDr. Peter Fitzgerald is the Director of the Center for Cardiovascular Technology and Director of the Cardiovascular Core Analysis Laboratory (CCAL) at Stanford University Medical School. He is an Interventional Cardiologist and has a Ph.D. in Engineering. He is Professor in both the Departments of Medicine and Engineering (by courtesy) at Stanford. Presently, Dr. Fitzgerald’s laboratory includes 17 postdoctoral fellows and graduate engineering students focusing on state-of-the-art technologies in Cardiovascular Medicine. He has led or participated in over 175 clinical trials, published over 550 manuscripts/chapters, and lectures worldwide. He has trained over 150 post-docs in Engineering and Medicine in the past decade. In addition, he heads the Stanford/Asia MedTech innovation program. Dr. Fitzgerald has been principle/founder of twenty-one medical device companies in the San Francisco Bay Area. He has transitioned fourteen of these start-ups to large medical device companies. He serves on several boards of directors and advises dozens of medical device startups as well as multinational healthcare companies in the design and development of new diagnostic and therapeutic devices in the cardiovascular arena. In 2001, Dr. Fitzgerald was on the founding team of LVP Capital, a venture firm, focused on medical device and biotechnology start-ups in San Francisco. In 2009, he co-founded Triventures in Israel, which is a venture fund focused on early-mid stage medical technology and digital healthcare.Jayant Kadambi ’85, ’86GJayant Kadambi is a serial entrepreneur, technologist, business leader, board member, and avid tennis player. Mr. Kadambi currently advises and invests in private technology and consumer companies as well as serves on several boards. Most recently, he co-founded and was the CEO of YuMe (NYSE:YUME) for 12 years. YuMe is a digital video advertising media and software technology company, and Mr. Kadambi helped lead it from inception to its current position as a leading global, publicly held company. Mr. Kadambi has more than 20 years of experience in digital media technology, networking, hardware, architecture, and semiconductors. He has a proven record of successes that have influenced businesses, driven profitability, inspired talent, and steered client relations.Mr. Kadambi is the co-author of a book on Gigabit Ethernet and holds several domestic and international patents in the fields of video, semiconductors, and advertising technology.He earned a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Science degree in electrical engineering from the department of electrical, computer, and systems engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.Chris Lundquist ’91, ’92 MBADivision President of Credit and Merchant Risk Solutions, Verisk FinancialMr. Lundquist ’91, ’92 MBA is an accomplished business leader and data and technology strategist who sets the vision to meet business objectives.Mr. Lundquist aligns business strategies with an inclusive and diverse culture to foster creativity, collaboration, and accountability and solve customers’ most challenging problems.Mr. Lundquist’s 30-year career in building data- and analytics-driven technology businesses began in 1989, when he founded LCI. He built the company into a leading innovator of credit risk analysis and business management solutions, enabling customers to recover more than $1 trillion from bankrupt consumers and businesses.Mr. Lundquist is a widely recognized expert on credit and merchant risk, speaking regularly at industry conferences and media events. He has published extensive research, analytics, and best practices on at-risk consumer behavior and worked to develop legislative policies for credit risk management, bankruptcy process improvement, and financial counseling. He launched the first national bankruptcy database and has secured three patents for his process and methodology inventions.Mr. Lundquist holds an MBA, with a focus in finance, management information systems, and AI/machine learning, and a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering, both from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. He also completed Verisk’s Harvard Leadership Excellence Program and the University of Virginia’s Data Science Program.Mr. Lundquist is the vice-chair of the board of The Marine Mammal Center. He’s also an enthusiastic aviator of twin, turbine, historic military, and high-performance aerobatic airplanes.Sandeep Mirchandani ’88CEO, Beetl RoboticsMr. Mirchandani is chief executive officer of Beetl Robotics, a company dedicated to providing best-in-class solutions with expertise in cloud networking, computer vision, and mechanical design. Having seen dramatic cost reductions during his 20+ years in the semiconductor industry, he sees robotics entering a similar golden era of mass adoption and wants to be at the forefront of bringing useful robots to businesses across the globe.Prior to joining Beetl Robotics, Mr. Mirchandani served as chief technology officer at Alchemy Designs, which was acquired by Broadcom, where he previously was technical director for over 15years. Mr. Mirchandani earned a master’s degree from Stanford University in electrical engineering in 1996 and a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from Rensselaer in 1988.Cheryl Porro, ’93CTO, Thrive GlobalAs Chief Technology Officer, Porro leads Thrive Global’s New York and San Francisco-based tech teams. Prior to joining Thrive, Porro was SVP of Technology & Product Delivery for salesforce.org, where over four years she grew a team that has launched many products for the nonprofit and education markets. She spent the eight years prior leading a growing platform engineering team at salesforce.com. Prior to Salesforce, Cheryl held engineering and leadership positions at DigitalThink, Amazon.com, and Alexa Internet. She was listed as the 34th most powerful engineer of 2017 by Business Insider and as a female executive who may become the next Fortune 100 CTO. She is passionate about helping others reach their full potential, especially those underrepresented in STEM fields. Ms. Porro holds four U.S. patents in enterprise cloud computing, and earned her bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from Rensselaer.Adrienne Roberts, P’21Chair, Parents Subcommittee Ms. Roberts is a full-time parent transitioning into an “empty-nester”. She has two children, three dogs, a cat, and a very active husband.  As a mother, she has considerable experience with managing her kids’ extracurricular teams and clubs—including soccer, lacrosse, Girl Scouts, and FIRST Robotics.As a wife, her signature achievement is cooking a lovely meal for 15 people with two hours’ notice.  She is an avid quilter and gardener, and loves spin class and hiking with her dogs.  She is the parent of one child born extremely premature and another child with Type 1 Diabetes. Her experiences parenting kids with “hiccups” in their development has enriched her life in ways that she would have happily avoided, but have given her an appreciation for finding value in life’s little surprises.  Her son is the first in the family to attend Rensselaer. She and her husband, Bryan live in Portola Valley, CA. Ms. Roberts earned a bachelor’s degree from UC Santa Barbara, and a master’s degree in social work from Smith College.Siva Sivaram ’85G, ’86 Ph.D.Trustee, Rensselaer Polytechnic InstitutePresident, Western Digital CorporationDr. Sivaram ’85G, ’86 serves as President of Western Digital Corporation, where he focuses on developing the corporate strategy and the technologies that fuel its growth.Dr. Sivaram has more than 35 years of experience in semiconductor technologies and manufacturing. He has held executive positions at Intel, Matrix Semiconductor and SanDisk. Additionally, he was the founder and CEO of Twin Creeks Technologies, a solar panel and equipment company.Dr. Sivaram has authored numerous technical papers and a textbook on chemical vapor deposition and holds several patents in semiconductor and solar technologiesDr. Sivaram serves on the board of directors of the Global Semiconductor Alliance and the US-India Business Council. He has been on the board of directors and advised several start-up firms and was an entrepreneur-in-residence at Crosslink Capital and XSeed Capital.He also serves as Chairman of the board of trustees for Akshaya Patra, the world’s largest NGO dedicated to feeding school children. Dr. Sivaram received his doctorate and master’s degrees in materials science from Rensselaer and is a member of the Board of Trustees. Additionally, he is a Distinguished Alumnus of the National Institute of Technology, Tiruchi, India, where he received his bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering.Each RSVN Executive Council member is asked to join one of five subcommittees. Each subcommittee meets twice per year and reports on its progress at the Council’s semi-annual meeting. The five subcommittees are:The Arch is a unique program that provides flexibility in the junior-year semester. It enables students to pursue professional and personal development opportunities that prepare them to meet the multi-faceted challenges of the 21stcentury, and still graduate on time.Rising juniors remain on campus after their sophomore year to attend a full academic summer semester taking junior-level classes while receiving focused attention from faculty, staff, and administrators.After completing junior year courses during the summer semester, students starting internships or co-ops are more fully prepared to tackle the discipline-specific assignments that await them. The subcommittee will team with the Center for Career and Professional Development at Rensselaer to help expand placement of students at companies and organizations throughout Silicon Valley and the Bay Area.Rensselaer parents are critical to sharing information and providing forums to encourage the engagement and participation of the community in Silicon Valley and the Bay Area. This includes parents of current and prospective students, student applicants, incoming freshman, graduating seniors, and alumni/ae.Members of the Parents subcommittee serve as ambassadors for Rensselaer, reaching out in fellowship to these constituencies throughout the region. The subcommittee’s goal is to expand awareness of the unique and exceptional benefits of a Rensselaer education and collaborate with Student Life, Admissions, and Institute Advancement to support enrollment and retention efforts.Students are more than our first priority—they are the reason Rensselaer exists. To attract and retain the brightest and most promising candidates, we must have the financial resources to compete with other top-tier universities, including those able to meet the full financial needs of students.Increasing access and enhancing the student experience requires us to “bridge the gap” in available financial aid. To be a magnet for the best and brightest students and faculty, our living and recreation spaces, academic facilities, and research centers must be state-of-the-art and contribute to a vibrant and engaged campus community.We are engaged in major infrastructure projects that will dramatically enhance our capabilities and the student experience. The subcommittee will team with Graig Eastin, Vice President for Institute Advancement, and the Advancement team to connect alumni, corporations, foundations, friends, and parents to Rensselaer senior leadership and trustees committed to the pillars of Transformative: Campaign for Global Change for philanthropic opportunities.Rensselaer has a broad, collaborative, and vibrant research community, focused on the growing interface of the basic sciences, social sciences, and engineering. This provides the basis for innovative solutions to today’s global challenges, including preventing and mitigating disease; providing clean food and water; developing new sources of clean and renewable energy; and establishing a sustainable and resilient national and international infrastructure.The Research subcommittee will facilitate connections between Institute leadership and executives and leaders at prominent companies and foundations in the region in order to explore research partnerships, collaborations, and other potential opportunities. Members also will connect entrepreneurs seeking collaborations on startups and research projects with Rensselaer faculty, staff, and alumni/ae.Rensselaer exemplifies the critical importance and unquestionable value of women serving at the highest levels of leadership. No one better personifies this truth than President Shirley Ann Jackson, Ph.D. whose long list of personal and professional accomplishments are extraordinary.The Women’s Leadership subcommittee, in collaboration with Rensselaer leadership, will coordinate outreach to raise awareness about our commitment to recruiting more young women to attend Rensselaer, and encourage them to consider pursuing a STEM education. Committee members will also conduct outreach to companies and foundations in Silicon Valley and the Bay Area to make them aware of the caliber of young Rensselaer alumnae and to advocate for their recruitment.Jennifer TobinSenior Advancement Officer, Major GiftsOffice of Institute AdvancementRensselaer Polytechnic Institute(518) 276-3827 (p) | (518) 530-9916 (c) | Tobinj2@rpi.eduChasan Building
110 Eighth Street
Troy, NY 12180 USA
518-276-6055
advancement@rpi.eduPlease send gifts to:
Gifts Processing Center
P.O. Box 3164
Boston, MA 02241-3164