Javascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.
                                                    110 Eighth Street
                                                    Troy, NY USA 12180
                                                    (518) 276-6000
                                                
                                                    Copyright © 2017 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI)
                                                
Media Policy    |    Privacy Policy    |    Student Consumer Information   |    Title IX Policy   |    Accessibility
Rensselaer Catalog is an official publication of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute for its students, alumni, and friends. It is published by the Registrar’s Office, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, 110 8th St., Troy, NY 12180-3590.Notice Regarding Changes All information in this catalog pertains to the 2022-2023 academic year and is correct to the extent that the information was available on the catalog preparation date. However, Rensselaer reserves the right to change the course offerings, tuition, fees, rules governing admission, requirements for graduation and the granting of degrees, and any other regulations affecting its students. Such changes are to take effect whenever the administration deems necessary whether or not there is actual notice to individual students.NOTICE PURSUANT TO THE “CAMPUS SEX CRIMES PREVENTION ACT” AND CAMPUS CRIME REPORTING AND STATISTICSIn accordance with Federal and State law, the following notice is provided: The Advisory Committee on Campus Safety will provide upon request all campus crimes statistics as reported to the United States Department of Education. The U.S. Department of Education Web site address for campus crime statistics is www.ope.ed.gov/security/search.asp.The phone number for the Department of Public Safety, the designated college campus contact authorized to provide such statistics for the Institute, is (518)276-8527.In addition, information about sex offenders, if any, living or working at Rensselaer, will be available at the Department of Public Safety. For more information about and access to New York’s “Sex Offender Registry,” go to: http://criminaljustice.state.ny.us/nsor/index.htm.Notice Regarding Intellectual Property All members of the Rensselaer community, including, but not limited to, graduate and undergraduate students, faculty, staff, administration, visiting scholars and scientists, and guests, are bound by the Rensselaer intellectual property policy. Go to: http://rpitechnology.com/files/ip_policy.pdf. For additional information about intellectual property at Rensselaer, refer to http://www.eship.rpi.edu/intellectual_property.php. 