The best way to decide if Rensselaer is the right fit for you is to visit our campus. We offer information sessions, tours, open houses, and special seasonal visits.To ensure the continued health and safety of our faculty, staff, and students, all visitors will be required to follow the COVID-19 Visit Policy found below and on the tour registration page.  Please register for your desired tour time in advance; due to the risks associated with COVID-19, we are not able to accommodate walk-ins. Please note that due to the fluid nature of the pandemic, tour availability is subject to change due to campus and local directives.We are also currently offering general admissions information session webinars along with many other webinars and virtual events (see below). Afterward, be sure to check out our virtual campus tour!In-Person Campus Tour          Virtual Campus Tour            Self-Guided Campus Tour              Campus MapFebruary 22 & 24Come to Troy, New York to experience one of the country's most prestigious and innovative universities. This is your opportunity to learn about our academic programs, take a tour of our beautiful campus, and hear from current students about their experience at RPI through a special extended schedule. We hope you join us! Register NowMorning Session Schedule:Afternoon Session Schedule:Accepted Students OnlyOur Accepted Student Celebrations are open for registration - please use the link provided in your application portal, or through an email invitation. Please note that due to the fluid nature of the pandemic, tour availability is subject to change due to campus and local directives.To ensure the continued health and safety of our faculty, staff, and students, all visitors will be required to follow the COVID-19 Visit Policy found above and on the tour registration page. Schedule Your Visit (Please Note: Due to the risks associated with COVID-19, we are not able to accommodate walk-ins)Admissions Information Session Webinars: Join us to hear from and admissions counselor about how you can begin your world-changing journey at Rensselaer!Admissions Student Ambassador Webinars: We are excited to bring you special opportunities to connect with our current students! Each webinar will feature four student ambassadors representing a variety of majors/minors, extracurricular activities, and co-op/internship/research experiences.View Schedule and Register NowThere are currently no webinars scheduled. Sign up for a one-on-one meeting with a transfer counselor by emailing transfer@rpi.edu.You may also view previous webinar recordings on our RPI Admissions YouTube Channel.Follow us on Instagram (@RPIAdmissions) for faculty, staff, and student takeovers - we are on Twitter, and Facebook too!Videos and webinars on a variety of topics may be found on our YouTube channelWhy Not Change the World? The RPI PodcastCan't make one of our scheduled tours or events, but still want to check out campus?We are excited to announce the app for Self-Guided Tour of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, powered by Guidebook, is now available.Get started here: https://guidebook.com/g/rpiselfguidedtour/Tap “Download the app” to access the guide on your iOS and Android device.If you are interested in participating in a Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (ROTC) program  or playing a varsity sport, please contact the coach(es) or the unit staff directly to discuss your interest. Coach/Staff DirectoryAir Force ROTCAS&RC (Armory, 3rd floor)(518) 276-6236afrotc@rpi.eduMohawk Army ROTCMichael A. Dengler, GS(518) 783-2477mdengler@siena.eduTo schedule an Officer Interview, please visit the NROTC website.The NROTC adminitrative staff may be contacted at (518)276 6251 or at navyrotc@rpi.edu.Undergraduate Admissions
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
110 8th Street
Troy, New York 12180-3590Phone (518) 276-6216
Fax (518) 276-4072110 Eighth Street
        	Troy, NY USA 12180
			(518) 276-6000
        	Copyright ©  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI)
Media Policy 
           |    
        Web Privacy Policy 
           |    
        Student Consumer Information
           |    
        Title IX Policy
           |    
        Accessibility
