For students who decide that Rensselaer is their first choice, applying Early Decision (ED) is a great option. Early Decision is binding - applicants who are admitted to Rensselaer under Early Decision must withdraw all applications to other colleges. Rensselaer offers two rounds of Early Decision applications, EDI and EDII.What is the difference between EDI and EDII? The main difference between Early Decision I and Early Decision II is the application deadline. The deadline for Early Decision I is November 1, with decision notification in mid-December. The deadline for Early Decision II is December 15, with decision notification in mid-January.What about financial aid? All applicants who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents are automatically considered for merit-based aid. If you are interested in receiving need-based financial assistance, you must submit both the College Scholarship Service (CSS) Profile application and the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) by the admission application deadline. If admitted to Rensselaer, you will receive a financial aid award along with or shortly after your acceptance.  International students are not eligible for financial aid.Early Decision Agreement Form: If you submit an Early Decision application, you must also submit a signed Early Decision Agreement Form. This may be completed electronically through the Common Application or Coalition Application. Students using the Candidate's Choice Application should complete the ED agreement form through their application status portal.Under the Early Decision Plan, an applicant may apply to only one institution as an Early Decision Candidate. Applicants may apply to other institutions provided that none of the applications are made under an Early Decision or an applicable Early Restrictive Action Plan. The obligation stated here and as defined by the National Association for College Admission Counseling (NACAC) is a commitment on the part of the applicant to withdraw any other applications and to initiate no new applications if accepted under an institution’s Early Decision Plan (this commitment is binding only if the institution offers sufficient financial aid).Apply by December 1, and receive your decision in late January (non-binding). The priority filing deadline for the CSS Profile and the FAFSA for Early Action applicants is December 1. The application deadline for Regular Decision is January 15. The Regular Decision deadline for Fall 2023 applicants has been extended to January 31.The decision notification for Regular Decision applicants is in mid-March.We strongly encourage families seeking financial assistance to submit an application for aid as soon as possible once the student submits their application. The priority filing deadline for the CSS Profile and the FAFSA is February 1.The application deadline for Accelerated Medical Program (B.S./M.D.) is November 1.Please review the special information section at the bottom of this page for specific information on applying to this program. Please note that you cannot apply Early Decision or Early Action to the accelerated program, and the application is non-binding. Due to the nature of the program, students enrolled in the accelerated medical program are not able to dual or double major.The priority filing deadline for the CSS Profile and the FAFSA is February 1 for accelerated program applicants.Each year, we welcome applications from students who wish to transfer to Rensselaer. We consider applications from students who have attended or are attending other institutions — including international students enrolled overseas.Rensselaer considers any student with 12 or more transferable college credits completed after high school as a transfer student.Transfer applications are reviewed on a rolling basis. Once we begin reviewing applications for your desired entry term, you may expect a decision approximately 3-4 weeks after your application is completed.Learn more about transferring to RensselaerWhile a fall term start is typically recommended, a small group of first-year students begin their studies in the spring term each year for a variety of reasons. The application deadline for first-year students for a spring term (January) start is November 1.Please note, a spring start may not be an option for all majors/programs. Students who apply for a fall term start may be offered the opportunity to begin in the spring term (January), rather than the fall (September). Details of the start term will be clearly detailed in the acceptance letter.Please note that Rensselaer considers any student with 12 or more transferable college credits completed after high school as a transfer student.Spring Admission FAQsWe accept any of the following applications for admission. We do not prefer one application over another, and you should submit only one of the applications below.We highly encourage students to create a free web-based email account (such as Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail, etc.) to use for their college search/application process, rather than using a school-based email address. School-based addresses often have deliverability issues, and are no longer accessible after graduation.Apply NowApply NowPlease note that students applying to the Accelerated Physician-Scientist (B.S./M.D.) Program cannot apply using the Coalition on Scoir Application.This streamlined application is available to students who have expressed an interest in Rensselaer (available to first-year students only).Please note that students applying to the Accelerated Physician-Scientist (B.S./M.D.) Program cannot apply using the Candidate’s Choice Application.Important note for students using the Candidate's Choice Application: Any credentials submitted through Naviance may only be received by Rensselaer if the applicant has submitted the Common Application.In order for us to receive your documents, you must indicate inside of Naviance that you are NOT using the Common App to apply to RPI. Once you do that, your counselor should be able to choose to send your supporting documents to us electronically through Parchment. Be sure to monitor your application portal to ensure that we receive all of your supporting documents.Here are the additional supporting documents needed to complete your application. All items are required to complete your file no matter which application you use to apply.  Rensselaer does not offer evaluative interviews as a part of the application process.An official transcript sent by your school is required.Early Decision & Early Action Applicants: Please have your first quarter/first trimester grades (or a mid-semester progress report)  sent directly to our office as soon as they are available. You may also upload an unofficial copy of a report card or progress report through your application portal.Regular Decision Applicants: Please have your mid-year/first semester grades sent directly to our office as soon as they are available. You may also upload an unofficial copy of a report card or progress report through your application portal.Request a letter of recommendation from a counselor or teacher, preferably a math or science teacher who knows you well.Any student who applies to attend Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute as an undergraduate in the fall of 2023 will be able to choose whether or not to submit SAT or ACT scores. This is a continuation of the temporary suspension of our standardized testing requirement, and it will be re-evaluated for the fall 2024 application cycle. Test-Optional FAQsDue to Albany Medical College requirements, students applying to the Physician-Scientist Program will be required to submit the appropriate test scores.Report your test scores to our office. Rensselaer allows most students* to self-report test scores on the application or through their application portal (available after an application is submitted). Students who choose to enroll at Rensselaer will be required to send their official scores from the testing agency (if they have not already done so). Test scores that appear on an official high school transcript submitted by your school will be considered official test scores. Be sure to check your online application status page to ensure that the scores are processed into your file.*Students applying to the accelerated medical program will be required to send official scores at the time of application. Also, official results of English Proficiency Exams will be required at the time of application.Standardized Test RequirementsThe general essay/personal statement submitted with your application satisfies Rensselaer’s essay requirements, except for applicants to the following programs:Essay RequirementsThe nonrefundable application processing fee is $70. Credit card payments should be made through the individual application websites (or through your application portal if you used the Candidate's Choice Application). If you do not wish to pay by credit card, please mail check or money order, payable to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, to the mailing address shown in the sidebar. Include your full name and date of birth with your payment. Do not send cash. Please note that the application fee is waived for Rensselaer Medalists.Fee Waiver Eligibility & InstructionsIf your total family income is $70,000 or less, and the application fee presents a hardship for you and your family, you may qualify for a fee waiver.To request a fee waiver, ask your high school guidance counselor, principal, or other school official to fill out the SAT Request for Waiver of College Application Fee form or to submit an official letter on your behalf. We will also accept the ACT, College Bound, or NACAC Fee waiver forms.You may assume the waiver has been granted unless you hear otherwise from us. Be sure to check your online application status page to ensure that your request has been received and processed.The form, or official letter, may be emailed to adm_updates@rpi.edu or mailed to "Fee Waiver Request" at the mailing address shown in the sidebar.If applying for the Architecture or Music program, prepare your creative portfolio for submission.Portfolio Requirements & GuidelinesPlease Note – If you are interested in the School of Architecture but do not plan to submit a creative portfolio, you may wish to apply to (or change your major to) the 4-year B.S. in Building Sciences program. Applicants to the Games and Simulation Arts and Sciences (GSAS) and Electronic Arts (EART) programs may submit an optional creative portfolio.Portfolios have the same deadlines as the application.If you submit an Early Decision or Early Decision II application, you must also submit a signed Early Decision Agreement Form. This may be completed electronically through the Common Application or Coalition Application. Students using the Candidate's Choice Application should complete the ED agreement form through their application status portal.Rensselaer considers any student who is not a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident to be an international applicant (regardless of where the student currently resides or attends school). Please review the additional requirements international students need to complete their applications.OPTIONAL: Record your Elevator Pitch – Submit a 90-second video telling us [a little more about your strengths and talents/more about yourself]. You can record it here and send it to RPI. We recommend submitting your Elevator Pitch within a week of your application deadline so that it is reviewed as part of your application. This is completely optional.While there is flexibility to change your major once you are here, you are encouraged to be as specific as you can when you choose a major (or school) on your application. If you are interested in the Architecture, Electronic Arts, Music, or Games and Simulation Arts and Sciences program, we recommend that you apply directly to that program. Students interested in the Accelerated Physician-Scientist (B.S./M.D.) Program must apply directly to that program.Options:You can major in almost anything at Rensselaer while preparing yourself for medical school, but most students who want to pursue medical school choose something in our School of Science (often biology or chemistry). Interested students may enlist the assistance of the Pre-Health Committee, a group of professors who will guide students interested in medical school (or other health professions) through their four years, making sure they are putting themselves in the best position possible when it comes time to apply to the professional school of their choice. Questions about the advising process may be addressed to prehealth@rpi.edu.Rensselaer offers several Accelerated & Combined Programs to give you a one- to two-year head start on your fellow professionals. Please note that the Physician-Scientist Program (B.S./M.D.) requires students to apply by November 1 of their senior year of high school.If you have already submitted your application and would like to change your major, please complete the "Change in Major Form" found in the lower right-hand corner of your application status page. Our operations staff will be in touch through email once the change is confirmed.The general essay/personal statement submitted with your application satisfies Rensselaer’s essay requirements, except for the following degree-specific guidelines.You will be prompted for the appropriate essay on the Common Application writing supplement. The essay should be no more than 1–2 pages.You will be prompted for the appropriate essay on the application when you select this major. The essay should be no more than 1–2 pages.You will be prompted for the appropriate essay on the application when you select this major. The essay should be no more than 1–2 pages.You will be prompted for the appropriate essay on the application when you select this major. The essay should be no more than 1–2 pages.You will be prompted for the appropriate essay on the application when you select this major. The essay should be no more than 1–2 pages.Architecture and Music applicants are required to submit a creative portfolio. Games and Simulation Arts and Sciences and Electronic Arts applicants are strongly encouraged to submit a creative portfolio.Portfolios have the same deadlines as the application.Online Portfolio SubmissionApplicants are required to submit a creative portfolio consisting of 10-20 images of work. The work included within the portfolio may consist of a range of media: pencil, charcoal, oil stick, and water color drawings; acrylic or oil paintings; paper, chipboard, wood, metal, ceramic or mixed media models; measured drawings or digital renderings; and black and white and color photographs, music scores, video, and other creative endeavors.Portfolio RequirementsPlease Note – If you are interested in the School of Architecture but do not plan to submit a creative portfolio, you may wish to apply to (or change your major to) the 4-year B.S. in Building Sciences program. Applicants may submit a creative portfolio to supplement the application.Portfolio InformationFirst-year applicants are encouraged to submit a statement of intent and a portfolio that demonstrates creative excellence and preparation for interdisciplinary studies in games. Transfer applicants are required to submit a portfolio for admission to this program.Portfolio RequirementsApplicants are required to submit a statement of intent, a portfolio, and a portfolio description. There are no live auditions.Portfolio RequirementsDeadline: The annual application deadline is November 1. Please note that you cannot apply Early Decision/Early Action to the Physician-Scientist Program, and the application is non-binding. All applications must be made complete by November 15 in order to be considered. All standardized tests (ACT/SAT) must be taken by the November test date.Application: There is no separate application for the program. You must use the Common App and select the "Regular Decision" option. You must select “Physician-Scientist Program-B.S./M.D.” as your major on your application. Students may not apply to the accelerated medical program using the Coalition Application or the Candidate’s Choice Application.  Please be advised that Albany Medical College will consider applicants to only ONE of their three combined degree programs. Dual applications will not be considered - applicants who apply to more than one of Albany Medical College's joint programs will be administratively withdrawn by AMC. Essay: Students applying for this program will be prompted for a program-specific essay when they complete the Common App.Research Experience: Since this accelerated program is research-focused, it is highly recommended that applicants have some sort of research experience in high school, which should be clearly articulated on the application.Standardized Testing Requirements:  All standardized tests must be taken by the November test date. It is recommended that students taking the November test have their scores rush sent to Rensselaer. Self-reported scores will not be accepted for applicants to this program. Application Process: Rensselaer will review the applications and refer qualified students to Albany Medical College (AMC), which will then review the applications and reach out to certain students for an on-campus interview (in January, February, or March). From that pool of students, AMC will make offers of admission to the program. The application process is lengthy and notification begins in early April. Due to the nature of the program, students enrolled in the accelerated medical program are not able to dual or double major.* Please note — international students (including Canadian citizens) may not apply to the Physician-Scientist program.Congratulations on being named a Rensselaer Medalist! We look forward to reviewing your application to Rensselaer. You may use any of the applications we accept to apply, and, as a Medalist, your application fee is waived. All other requirements are the same as for all incoming freshman applicants.Every year, we accept hundreds of Medalists into our freshman class; however, please note that being named a Medalist is not an automatic acceptance to Rensselaer. To receive the Medal Scholarship, you must apply, be accepted, and enroll at Rensselaer. Please be sure to mention on your application that you are a Medalist.Medalist Scholarship: As a Medalist, should you apply, be accepted, and enroll at Rensselaer, you will receive a merit scholarship with a value of $30,000 per year. This award is guaranteed to be applied to your tuition for each year of your undergraduate study at Rensselaer. As a Medalist, if you enroll in our School of Architecture, your scholarship will be extended to cover the fifth year of the program. If you enroll in our Co-Terminal (five-year B.S./M.S.) Program, your scholarship will be extended to cover the fifth year of study.Accelerated Programs: As a Medalist, if you enroll in our Physician-Scientist Program, your Medal Scholarship will only apply to the financial aid package you receive for the three years you are studying on Rensselaer’s campus.Rensselaer Medallion: As a Medalist, if you enroll at Rensselaer, you will receive your Medallion at Honors Convocation in the fall of your freshman year.Medal Selection: Medalists are chosen by each individual participating high school, and Rensselaer provides general guidelines for selecting a Medalist. Each high school selects their Medalist differently, so contact your guidance office to see if your high school participates and what their selection process entails.As a home-schooled student, you’ll be treated just like any other applicant to Rensselaer.To fulfill the transcript requirement, you should submit any official transcripts from your high school years (a recognized home school clearing house program, if you’ve attended a traditional high school program for part of your HS career, or if you’ve taken any college-level courses).You’re encouraged to submit a detailed roster of all academic course work at the secondary level with supporting documentation attached. Also, we’ll need a recommendation from someone other than your parent(s).Rensselaer has a strong history of collaboration with, and support of, the U.S. military. The campus hosts Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (ROTC) units for the Air Force, Army, and Navy. The Institute has been educating Naval flag officers, particular in the Civil Engineer Corps, since the 1860s, and, with the exception of the United States Naval Academy, has trained more U.S. Naval Flag officers than any other school in the nation.We are continually recognized as a top-ranked school for veterans - #26 in Best Colleges for Veterans according to U.S. News & World Report (2022). We welcome veterans and their dependents; our goal is to assist you and/or your dependent(s) as you all work toward your educational aspirations.Below are some steps to consider as you submit your application to Rensselaer.1. Determine if you should apply as a transfer or first-year student.2. Submit your application and required materials before the appropriate deadline for either transfer or freshman admission.We encourage students to apply electronically. If you intend to use Yellow Ribbon benefits to pay for your Rensselaer education, we require you to indicate your eligibility on the application in order to include you on our list of prospective Yellow Ribbon scholarship recipients.3. Apply for VA Educational Benefits.Once you have applied for your benefits, you will receive a Certificate of Eligibility (COE) which you will need to submit, via email, to the following:If you are eligible to receive Yellow Ribbon benefits, please note that we offer a Yellow Ribbon scholarship of $35,000 per year to up to 75 students at a time. We provide this scholarship on a first-come, first-served basis on the order of enrollment deposit date for students who self-identify as being Yellow Ribbon-eligible on their application for admission. Students who do not indicate that they may be eligible will be placed on a waitlist for the scholarship. A Yellow Ribbon recipient is not eligible to receive other Rensselaer scholarship or grant aid programs.Please note, you will not receive a financial aid award that is inclusive of any/all veteran educational benefits until the COE is received. If you have any questions, please contact Meg Whalen, Veterans’ Admissions Coordinator, at doppm@rpi.edu.GI Bill® is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). More information about education benefits offered by VA is available at the official U.S. government website.Other Useful ResourcesTo assist veterans in understanding higher education costs, financial aid, and other useful information the Department of Education and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has developed the following tools:If you do not currently hold a B.S/B.A. degree in any field, but are interested in taking courses on a non-matriculated basis, you should complete the Non-Matriculated Undergraduate Student Application.If you hold a B.S./B.A. degree, please visit the Graduate Admissions site for additional information. Please note that the Rensselaer computer store is not able to sell laptop computers to non-matriculated students.There is no application fee for non-matriculated applicants. Please have most recent transcript(s) sent to the address shown in the sidebar. Transcripts being sent electronically may be addressed to adm_updates@rpi.edu.Center for Talented Youth (CTY) ScholarshipsIf you are interested in using a CTY scholarship to take courses at Rensselaer, you should complete the Non-Matriculated Undergraduate Student Application (including an indication of the class desired) along with an uploaded copy of the CTY award letter. We will also require an official copy of your high school transcript.Please have your transcripts sent to the address shown in the sidebar, attention Center for Talented Youth. Transcripts being sent electronically may be addressed to adm_updates@rpi.edu.If you have any questions, please contact Ulysses deArmas.You hit submit on your application- now what happens? Please review our application checklist to see what else we need to complete your application. If you applied Early Decision, to the Physician-Scientist (B.S.-M.D) Program, or to a major that requires a portfolio, please be sure we receive the required items to complete your application. Please note there are also a few additional requirements for international students (students who are not a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident).Once we receive your application, within a few days you will receive an email (to the email address that you provided on the application) that contains your Rensselaer ID number (RIN) and login information for your online portal where you may check the status of your application. We highly encourage students to create a free web-based email account (such as Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail, etc.) to use for their college search/application process, rather than using a school-based email address. School-based addresses often have deliverability issues, and are no longer accessible after graduation. If necessary, you may change the email we have on file for you through your application portal. This application portal is also where you will be able to view your admission decision when it becomes available. Please make sure that you are checking this email address and your portal regularly, and make sure that you check your spam/junk folders, as sometimes the confirmation email gets misdirected. If you need to change the email address we have in your file, you may do so through your application portal or by emailing adm_updates@rpi.edu. Nearly all of our correspondence concerning your application will be sent through email or made available on your portal. Undergraduate Admissions
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
110 8th Street
Troy, New York 12180-3590Phone (518) 276-6216
Fax (518) 276-4072110 Eighth Street
        	Troy, NY USA 12180
			(518) 276-6000
        	Copyright ©  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI)
Media Policy 
           |    
        Web Privacy Policy 
           |    
        Student Consumer Information
           |    
        Title IX Policy
           |    
        Accessibility
