Oshani Seneviratne is the Associate Director of the Tetherless World Constellation and an Assistant Professor in Computer Science. She was previously the Director of Health Data Research at the Rensselaer Institute for Data Exploration and Applications. Oshani obtained her S.M. and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) under the supervision of Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the inventor of the World Wide Web. Before Rensselaer, Oshani worked at Oracle, specializing in knowledge representation, provenance, and healthcare-related research. Oshani's research interests span data integration in knowledge graphs, artificial intelligence, decentralized systems (web and blockchain), and health informatics. At MIT, Oshani conducted research on Accountable Systems for the Web. As part of her Ph.D. at MIT, Oshani developed a novel web protocol called HyperText Transfer Protocol with Accountability.Oshani co-founded and co-organized the AIChain workshop series co-located with the IEEE Blockchain conference, the Personal Health Knowledge Graph workshop series, the Healthcare and Life-Sciences Symposium, the Decentralized Knowledge Graph track at the Knowledge Graph Conference, and the AAAI Fall Symposium series on Artificial Intelligence for Social Good. Oshani has served in the organizing committees of the International Semantic Web Conference and Web Science conference in various roles. Oshani is a co-editor of the Semantic Technologies for Data and Algorithmic Governance issue at the Semantic Web Journal and the Personal Health special issue at the Data Intelligence journal. She also actively reviews the journals such as Web Semantics, Semantic Web, Medical Internet Research, Biomedical and Health Informatics, and many conferences, including the International Semantic Web Conference, Web Conference, Web Science Conference, IEEE Blockchain Conference, and IEEE Decentralized Applications Conference.
.AI and Blockchain, Fall 2022Oshani's work has been featured in the following news articles.Distributed Ledger Technologies:Privacy and Transparency on the Web:Knowledge Graphs:Mobile Application Development:Community Outreach: Panels:Books:Peer Reviewed Book Chapters:Magazine Articles: Selected Peer Reviewed Conference and Journal Papers: Patent:The following is a selection of recent publications in Scopus. Oshani Seneviratne has 58 indexed publications                                      in the subjects of 
                                                                                                                                      Computer Science, 
                                                                                                                                       Decision Sciences, 
                                                                                                                                       and  Mathematics.
                                                                  View All Scopus Publications
            Copyright © 2023 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI)
          