Gupta has developed and taught courses in financial engineering and quantitative methods in finance at the undergraduate and the graduate level at Rensselaer. Dr. Gupta also teaches short courses in Quantitative Finance in Lally School’s international initiatives, specifically with industry and academic partners in India. She was a 2002 National Science Foundation New Century Scholar. Dr. Gupta’s research interest is in addressing issues in risk management at the individual and the institutional level. Her work in individual risk management relates to financial decision support analysis, where her interest has been to seamlessly incorporate health-related risk into individual risk management frame work . At the institutional level, her interest is in developing enterprise risk management strategies and analyzing incentives for risk management. Dr. Gupta conducts National Science Foundation funded research in financial innovation for risk management in technology-enabled services, specifically Internet and network-based services. Dr. Gupta has published in leading quantitative finance and operations research journals, such as, Insurance: Mathematics and Economics; Journal of Computational Finance; Annals of Operations Research; Computational Optimization and Applications; and European Journal of Operational Research. Her technology-oriented publications appear in leading journals such as Computer Networks and International Journal of Product Development. She serves as the Vice-Chair of the INFORMS Financial Services Section. Dr. Gupta is a member of IAFE, AFA, INFORMS, and SIAM.Quantitative Finance, Risk Management, Financial Decision Support, Optimization, SimulationThe following is a selection of recent publications in Scopus. Aparna Gupta has 68 indexed publications                                      in the subjects of 
                                                                                                                                      Computer Science, 
                                                                                                                                       Mathematics, 
                                                                                                                                       and  Decision Sciences.
                                                                  View All Scopus Publications
            Copyright © 2023 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI)
          