An annual gift is one of the most important contributions you can make for our students. Whether you choose to support the Annual Fund – the area of greatest need – student scholarship, Let’s Go Red!, or the one of our Student Relief Funds, among many other options, we hope you consider supporting current and future generations of RPI students with a gift – no matter the amount.Your help is needed – now more than ever – as we continue to prepare our students to join the global network of successful alumni more than 100,000 strong after graduation.
Your gifts support our students and is an investment in tomorrow – and their future. Please join me in paying it forward and help invest in the next generation of alumni, together.”
Diane Ozovek Howard ’82
Annual Giving Leadership Council ChairThe Rensselaer Annual Fund helps to provide a world-class educational experience to our students, helping to prepare them to meet the demands and challenges of the 21st century.The Student Relief Fund is an emergency fund for Rensselaer students who face financial hardship that threatens their academic progress during their time at Rensselaer.The Graduate Student Relief Fund is an emergency fund for Rensselaer graduate students who face financial hardship that threatens their academic progress during their time at Rensselaer.Opportunities to support fraternities and sororities at Rensselaer.You spent your years at Rensselaer focused on a particular field. With your support, you can demonstrate your pride and excitement by giving back in support of your school.One of the most personal and lasting ways to make a difference in the lives of Rensselaer students is with a gift of scholarship. The Rensselaer Annual Fund Assistance Grant was established to provide emergency financial aid to an upperclassman with financial hardship. The power to make a difference in the lives of our students is fully realized through the Patroon Scholars Program.Your support of Let’s Go Red! funds ensures that current and future generations of students continue to receive the opportunity to balance the rigors of academics with collegiate athletics.weR Gold is a unique program that helps to raise dollars for student-run special projects and/or initiatives.The Rensselaer COVID-19 Testing Center Fund will support efforts to keep our community safe through access to broad and frequent testing.Helps to ensure our students possess the intellectual agility, multicultural sophistication, and global view requisite to successfully addressing the world’s many challenges and opportunities.This fund, recently established in order to support the efforts in fighting the COVID-19 pandemic, supports the continued advancement of ongoing research initiatives.Giving back is a time-honored tradition at Rensselaer, culminating in the class gift during senior year.Honor the memory of a loved one or commemorate a special occasion through a gift to the Rensselaer Memorial and Tribute Scholarship Fund.“Gifts to the Student Relief Fund helped with transportation expenses during the unexpected complications from this semester. With this money, I was able to stay safe with my family, and limit the high cost of movers.”“With the support of the Student Relief Fund, I was able to avoid the stress and financial burden of finding a way to pay for moving costs, gas, storage, and other things associated with the move to online classes. Your support helps students like me to find a way to get through financial obstacles, and focus on being students.”“I received money from the Student Relief Fund to cover the travel costs to come back to school to move out. With this money, I was able to pay for my plane ticket, and I was able to avoid losing the personal items that I left on campus.”“I received money from the Student Relief Fund for traveling and storage expenses that occurred after the COVID-19 virus hit the U.S. With this money, I was able to travel back home and get storage on short notice. Your support allows students like me to continue to pursue their degree in unsure times.”Listen to our students share their stories on how your support helps them each day.Chasan Building
110 Eighth Street
Troy, NY 12180 USA
518-276-6055
advancement@rpi.eduPlease send gifts to:
Gifts Processing Center
P.O. Box 3164
Boston, MA 02241-3164