I am pursuing a dual major in biology and philosophy. I originally planned to study biology since I have always enjoyed the topic and the research. However, I fell in love with the philosophy department – they offer a variety of classes that allow a break from the structured science classes we all have to take. These classes are more discussion-based, and the professors allow for our thoughts and ideas to be considered as actual solutions.RPI cares a lot about the success of its students. We have opportunities for hands-on research, as well as classes that are specific to the variety of interests of students like me. In fact, if there is an area that isn’t listed, they can help you set up an independent study for it! RPI also offers internships in the field you are studying to gain experience and to secure a job after graduation.I am also so grateful for my Air Force ROTC opportunity. My dream has always been to serve in the military. Through ROTC, I can succeed in my future goals while also obtaining a degree. After graduation, I plan to commission into the United States Air Force as a biomedical laboratory technician or an RPA pilot.Without the help of alumni, parents, families, and friends, I don’t think I could have attended RPI. I was able to go to my dream school, thanks to the scholarships I received. My time here at Rensselaer has been truly memorable, and I can’t wait to see what else is to come.Samantha Soevyn-Kreamer ’24
Biology and Philosophy dual major
West Islip, New York
Samuel F. Thomas Jr. ’73 Scholarship Recipient
Air Force ROTC"Scholarship has made a tremendous impact upon my life. As a first-generation college student, I would not have been able…I am so appreciative of the experience I have had as an RPI student! As a rising junior, I chose…When I was a junior in high school, I found myself struggling both academically and personally, and wasn’t sure what…Chasan Building
110 Eighth Street
Troy, NY 12180 USA
518-276-6055
advancement@rpi.eduPlease send gifts to:
Gifts Processing Center
P.O. Box 3164
Boston, MA 02241-3164