RENSSELAER POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTEHere in the School of Science, we discover answers to humanity's most compelling questions, define new fields of study, and invent solutions to global challenges. Moving seamlessly across disciplinary boundaries, we bring together the best of all fields in order to advance the cause of science.Our undergraduate degree programs include many electives so you can tailor a curriculum to meet your interests and talents. This flexibility provides an opportunity to explore dual-major degrees, accelerated programs, or begin your graduate work with a co-terminal degree. 
Introducing—The Advising Hub Launch into any profession with a foundation in Information Age technology. The Information Technology and Web Science program combines mastery of data, web, and information technologies with an academic discipline of your choice.The Arch shuffles the academic calendar to pack more experience into your education. Spend a unique summer semester on campus, then take the fall or spring semester of junior year to pursue professional or personal development opportunities. Rensselaer has long been noted for its "low walls" - There are no rigid divisions across departments and schools.Earn a B.S. in just three years or a B.S. and M.S. in just four years.Learn about Open Source Software and get hands-on experience developing it.The new School of Science Advising Hub (The Hub) is a resource for School of Science students during their time at RPI and is a resource for all advising purposes. Staffed by experienced advisors, The Hub assists students in achieving their academic goals.
Mohammed Zaki, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute professor and head of the Department of Computer Science, has been named an American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) fellow. AAAS fellows are elected annually to recognize their extraordinary achievements in research, teaching, and technology, as well as in communicating science to the public. Election as an AAAS fellow is considered a lifetime honor. Past Fellows have included luminaries like Thomas Edison, W.E.B Dubois, Grace Hopper, Ellen Ochoa, Herbert Simon, and Steven Chu.  
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) will hold its 24th annual Black Families Technology Awareness Day on Saturday, February 4. The event, free and open to the public, is designed to introduce historically underrepresented students in grades K-12, their families, and educators to educational and career opportunities in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).
Jonsson-Rowland Science CenterRensselaer Polytechnic Institute110 Eighth Street, Troy, NY 12180-3590(518) 276-6305
School of Science Advising Hub
Detailed Contact InformationJonsson-Rowland Science CenterRensselaer Polytechnic Institute110 Eighth Street, Troy, NY 12180-3590(518) 276-6305School of Science Advising Hub
            Copyright © 2019 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI)
          